Now we can quickly cause some problems.
So this is another.
And he likes and dislikes are very good is another very easy problem for you which is given a string
is right in the middle palindromic substring.
And the constraints are very less restoring to and and square solution can always work.
So how can I all this?
Of course I will not call it.
But there is one thing about palindromes that you should know.
I will go to the next problem.
And the next problem that I'll be taking is this one longest palindromic subsequent.
It is also a good one, but this is also a good one.
Here these are fact about palindrome.
What is a palindrome?
First of all, you almost notice that a character, if I reverse it, if I string near the string,
it is equal to the reverse of.
Itself.
If I read it friend or they read it back, they are both equal.
What example this did?
It's a palindrome date.
22022022422022022.
It was a very rescinded and but we were married on this date and this is a very special.
Even if you remove zero, then the date is really very special.
Eight.
It's always reminded it.
So I hope, you know now what is a palindrome and what words, especially for palindrome.
Let's say I was doing a, b, b, b.
If so, these are this name, which is Aurora, and this is the palindromic name I buy, because then
if I read it from front or back, it will.
Wrong as they seem.
Similarly, what about this?
These are palindromes of alternate eight.
If I wanted up didn't in Newfoundland, then I can simply make this as a continuum of people.
I will not cause this problem.
It's very easy if you have to find out whether.
Knowing this, what I can do is I can have an end square solution.
So what you can do is you can try for all possible substance rate.
Whether.
For all possible upswings.
All possible upswings.
Let's see.
I'm seeing whether I do g.
It means of strength from my two days.
A palindrome or not.
Let's.
That is what my DP represent.
It will be true if it is up random false otherwise.
That means if suffering from ideology is a palindrome, this page eligible palindrome is that the last
characters are same and in middle string.
Is, again, a palindrome.
Right.
Well, some of you might say that, uh, last year it doesn't seem second last year, same third last
year.
But, you know, we are talking recursive here when we talk because if we see a dip, i.e., our margin
is a palindrome, only if essay is equal to.
SJ that means the first in the last year because I see.
And epi i.e. minus one comma DPA plus one comma j minus one.
Is that basically if this is a parent and these characters are same, then it is also open and this
is anomalous in political evolution and you can very easily call it I just there are two basic cases
in this and just remember that don't get confused.
The first base case is when this thing is a fraudulent.
But if I'm checking whether this is a palindrome or this is a palindrome, and I simply reach when it
is a fraudulent rate.
And the second best case is when it is.
Even then, my best case will hit two different mixes.
Otherwise, when I mean you can handle it and it's pretty easy, it's not pretty, it's very easy.
So what you can do is you can go for from a zero to in and for all the zero to end of the day you will
start from like eight for all G which starts from my ego.
Still in eight you can just say answer plus equals to DP I comma.
If I if it is a palindrome, it will be one otherwise be.
Police.
So this should be very easy and you know the complexity of the solution.
UPDATE How many state and square states?
What is the complexity of this far look and square.
So we'll add them, not multiply them.
They will add them because.
And quite states there.
You can do a precomputation as well and then you can add it or you can do it this way.
Both of them books.
Well, I hope you realize this and then see you in the next question, which is longest but terms of
subsequent.
It's also a.
Really the problem.
Thank you.